# goebel-seq: Codes and computational results regarding $(k, l)$-Göbel sequences

Codes and data in this repository accompany the manuscript "A note on non-integrality of the $(k,l)$-Göbel sequences" \[[arXiv:2410.23240](https://arxiv.org/abs/2410.23240)\].

## Computational Results
Data files were created by merging the results from the computations based on the actual codes and removing overheads. These files, placed on the uppermost directory of the repository, are intended for circulation among the research community.
- `k-goebel_1e7.zip`: Computed values of $N_k$ for $k$ up to 10<sup>7</sup>. Compressed file in CSV format with entries separated by a comma and without a header line. The first and second columns represent $k$ and $N_k$, respectively.
- `k-goebel_sieve-mod_3e4.zip`: List of residue classes modulo $(p-1)$ for prime $p$, up to 30000, to be sieved out (i.e., $N_k \leq p$). Compressed file in CSV format with entries separated by a comma and without a header line. The first, second, and third columns represent prime $p$, the modulus, and the representative of the residue class, respectively.
- `k-goebel_sieve_cuda_15e3.txt`: List of non-negative integers to 10<sup>14</sup> that were not sieved out by the residue classes modulo $(p-1)$ for prime $p < 15000$ listed in `k-goebel_sieve-mod_3e4.zip`. File in plain text format, where each line represents one entry. Note that 0 and 1 are also included in this file.
- `k-l-goebel-mid_prime-integrality_1e6.csv`: Computed values of $l_\mathrm{L}$, $l_\mathrm{R}$, and $\\# J_p$ for prime $p \equiv 1 \pmod{4}$ with $13 \leq p \leq 10^6$. File in CSV format with entries separated by a comma and without a header line. The first, second, third, and forth columns represent prime $p$, $l_\mathrm{L}$, $l_\mathrm{R}$, and $\\#J_p$, respectively.
- `k-l-goebel_prime-integrality_1e3_img.pdf`: PDF file that includes the images in a format similar to Figure 1 in the manuscript. Each page represents the integrality status of each $(k, l)$ ($0 \leq k < p - 1$ and $0 \leq l < p$) for a fixed prime $p \leq 10^3$. Yellow and purple colors represent $pg_{k,l}(p) \equiv 0 \pmod{p}$ and $pg_{k,l}(p) \not\equiv 0 \pmod{p}$, respectively.
- `k-l-goebel_prime-integrality_3e3.zip`: List of pairs $(k, l)$ ($0 \leq k < p - 1$ and $0 \leq l < p$) such that $pg_{k,l}(p) \not\equiv 0 \pmod{p}$ for prime $p$ up to 3000. Compressed file in CSV format (quoted with double quotation marks) with entries separated by a comma and without a header line. The first, second, and third (quoted) columns represent prime $p$, the exponent $k$, and the comma-separated values of "l", respectively. Absence of a $k$ value in the second column for a prime $p$ means that  there is no $l$ value such that $pg_{k,l}(p) \not\equiv 0 \pmod{p}$ for the $k$ value.
- `k-goebel_primorial-13-29.csv`: Computed values of $N_k$ for $k = c \times (p\\#) + 1$, where $p\\#$ denotes the primorial of $p$ and $c$ an integer with $1 \leq c \leq 3000$. File in CSV format with entries separated by a comma and without a header line. The first, second, and third columns represent $p$, $k$, and $N_k$, respectively.

## Codes
The actual codes have been written in Python.
The codes in files on the `codes_actual` directory were used to obtain the computational results in the actual run. These codes were run by Python (ver. 3.8.18 and 3.9.18) with SymPy (ver. 1.12). Files are highly redundant and sometimes not very readable, but are included for archival purposes.

### A side note on the actual algorithms used in `pow()` function
The source code in C for the implementation of `pow()` function can be viewed at [https://github.com/python/cpython/blob/main/Objects/longobject.c](https://github.com/python/cpython/blob/main/Objects/longobject.c). Both the modular inverse and modular exponentiation are implemented in the `static PyObject *long_pow(PyObject *v, PyObject *w, PyObject *x)` function (line 4888-), which cites [Chap. 14 of "Handbook of Applied Cryptography"](https://cacr.uwaterloo.ca/hac/about/chap14.pdf) by A. Menezes, P. van Oorschot, and S. Vanstone, CRC Press, 1997.
